feat(CFW): add new data_source firewalls and new resource protection_rule (#2585)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/cfw_protection_rule.md

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `type` - (Required, Int) The rule type.
  The value can be **0** (Internet rule), **1** (VPC rule), or **2** (NAT rule).

* `action_type` - (Required, Int) The action type.
  The value can be **0** (allow) **1** (deny).

* `address_type` - (Required, Int) The address type.
  The value can be **0** (IPv4), **1** (IPv6), or **2** (domain).

* `sequence` - (Required, String) The sequence configuration.
The [Order Rule](#ProtectionRule_OrderRuleAcl) structure is documented below.

* `service` - (Required, String) The service configuration.
The [Rule Service](#ProtectionRule_RuleService) structure is documented below.

* `source` - (Required, String) The source configuration.
The [Rule Source Address](#ProtectionRule_RuleSourceAddress) structure is documented below.

* `destination` - (Required, String) The destination configuration.
The [Rule Destination Address](#ProtectionRule_RuleDestinationAddress) structure is documented below.

* `status` - (Required, Int) The rule status.
  0: disabled; 1: enabled.

* `long_connect_enable` - (Required, Int) Whether to support persistent connections.

>   0: supported; 1: not supported.

Reviewer: Maybe the list style is clearer.
```
+ **0**: disabled.
+ **1**: enabled. 
```

Author: fixed

* `long_connect_time_hour` - (Optional, Int) The persistent connection duration (hour).

* `long_connect_time_minute` - (Optional, Int) The persistent connection duration (minute).

* `long_connect_time_second` - (Optional, Int) The persistent Connection Duration (second).

* `description` - (Optional, String) The description.

* `direction` - (Optional, Int) The direction.

>   0 inbound,1 outbound

Reviewer: ditto. see `top` attribute

Author: fixed

  This parameter cannot be left empty for the domain name type, and is empty for the manual or automatic type.

<a name="ProtectionRule_RuleDestinationAddress"></a>
The `destination` block supports:

* `type` - (Required, Int) The Source type. The options are as follows:
  + **0**: manual input;
  + **1**: associated IP address group;
  + **2**: domain name;

* `address` - (Optional, String) The IP address.
  The value cannot be empty for the manual type, and cannot be empty for the automatic or domain type.

* `address_set_id` - (Optional, String) The ID of the associated IP address group.
  The value cannot be empty for the automatic type or for the manual or domain type.

* `address_set_name` - (Optional, String) The IP address group name.

* `address_type` - (Optional, Int) The address type.
  0: IPv4; 1: IPv6.

* `domain_address_name` - (Optional, String) The name of the domain name address.
  This parameter cannot be left empty for the domain name type, and is empty for the manual or automatic type.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID.

## Import

> The protectionrule can be imported using `object_id`, `id`, separated by slashes, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The protectionrule can be imported using `object_id`, `id`, separated by a slash, e.g.
```
just one slash: `<object_id>/<id>`

Author: fixed
